1.) create user mike with password blackcat
    create user david with password opensky
    create user john with password decoy
    identity provider name should be my identity and secret anme is mysecret
2.) create project with named alpha, beta, gama
    mike user should have cluster admin right
    john user should have admin access in project gama
    david should not have access to create project
    kubeadmin user should not exist
3.) create a group named prod and dev
    add mike user in prod group
    add david and john users in dev group
4.) give edit permission to dev groups on alpha project
    give adminitrative permission to prod groups on beta project
5.) create resource quotas by name myquota for project alpha
    pods=10
    cpu=4
    services=6
    memory=1
6.) create resource limit by name mylimit for project gama and defining resource limit range as mentioned below:
      for pods min cpu limit is 3m and max is 400m
      for containers min cpu limit is 10m and max is 50m and default request of 30m
      for pods min memory is 30mi and max is 50mi
      for container min memory is 20mi and max is 60mi and default request of 40mi
7.) There is an application in project alpha, application is running. Make sure you are able to access the application on browser
8.) create service account by name ex280mysa in sigma, there is an application deployed in that project. the process inside the container can be executed with any userid. make sure you assign required role to the service id and application should be  running and accessible.
9.) In project devops, there is an application running with one pod, scale the deployment to run 4 pods. make sure, all pods are running.
10.) In an insurance project, you need to set up autoscaling for pods based on cpu utilization. The requirements for autoscaling are as follows
        the minimum number of the replicas should be 3
        the maximum number of the replicas should be 9
        autoscaling should be triggered based on cpu utilization reaching 70%
        the containers in the pod ave the following default cpu resource request and limit
            default cpu request for each container is 10m
            default cpu limit for each container is 60m
11.) create secret with named circus in cloud project. The key name should be decode_value and the value of key should be babablackship
12.) use the secret created earlier under cloud project. There is one pod in cloud project, it should use circus secret decode_value(scriptfile-given)=openssl.com
13.) create a secured route in cricket project. there is already an executablefile under /usr/local/bin/new_cert.sh, execute this script to create the certificate, use the generated certificate to create secure route
    one application is already running named with hello
    it should run on https with self-signed certificate
    it should use subi"CN=classified.apps.domain3.example.com' It should run on https with the following url
          https://classified.apps.ocp4.example.com application should produce output 
14.) Deploy application in the project rocky. there is one pod already running
      and application should produce out
15.) An application is deployed in the project modi, there is one pod running, application should produce output
16.) application is deployed in the project moom, there is one pod already running and application should produce output.
